# finalproject1051
Honestly this project was a lot of fun and I enjoyed putting it together thoroughly, however I think I bit off a little bit more than I could chew with my initial idea. I realized pretty early on that the data would be hard to collect, as well as the actual like "day in the park" would be like a robot did it. Most people don't ride the same rides over and over or eat at a sit-down dinner 3 times in a row. However, it would have required an incredibly complex, AI type program, and I just don't think I could have done that entirely. However, I do believe that in the end I created something cool and interesting. The data, like I said in the video, was all from thrilldata.com. I basically went to each ride and looked at the graph and picked the And picked the average wait time based on their past data. I think this was the best way to do it, rather than choosing an individual day. I think that it allows the program to be indicative of what “a day at the parks may be like”. For the rides, I used thrill data, but for the shows, I looked up the time that the show was, and then added 5 minutes of waiting ( 10 for Monsters Inc Laugh Floor since it is probably the most crowded based on my own experience). Figuring out how to unpack the data and use it correctly was also pretty challenging. However, once I figured all of that out it flew pretty naturally from there. I think the clock is really cool, and the function I created to “tell time” was extremely helpful. I would love to keep working on this, and maybe get the AI to be a little smarter, as well as adding the other parks. Now that I have the basis down, the other parks would just be time consuming, not necessarily challenging. But, I am proud of what I put together and think it turned out pretty cool.
